Here we have a basic fetch user function the whole goal of this function is to fetch
a specific user the problem
here is that we need to tell the function which user to fetch.
We can do that by adding a parameter to
our function definition and by passing in a username when the function is invoked.
What I really like about React is that the same intuition you have about
functions can also be applied to React components.
Here we have a basic React component whose whole purpose is to display a user to the UI.
Now we're running into the same problem we faced earlier with the fetch user function.
We need a way to pass the user component a username so it knows which user to display.
To do that we can add a custom attribute to our component and give it a value.
Now we can access that value from inside of
our component definition by using this dot props dot username.
In fact, any attributes that are added to a component will
be accessible on the props object from inside of that component